                                        ********** 
					 EXERCISE
					**********
If it is the latter of the two situations, this person could have problems with their bone structure,pains in their feet,
or other factors that would prevent them from performing normal, gym type exercises.So we'll start at the top, which 
we'll call Group A, and work our way down to Group C.
"Group A" is made up of those obese people who are able to perform normal "lifting" style exercises
and light to moderate cardio with very little to no pain in their bones.
"Group B" is made up of those obese people who are not able to perform normal "lifting" style exercises 
without additional pain coming from their joints and bones, but are able to do some light cardio. 
"Group C" is made up of individuals who have problems moving around for long periods of time.
 Yes, even these people are able to get a workout, burn calories, and work muscles.
GROUP A SAMPLE WORKOUT: (3 SETS OF EACH EXERCISE)
Day 1:                                  Day 2:						Day 3:
	Dumbbell Bench Press			Dumbbell Lateral Raises				Leg Press
	Incline Bench Press			Arnold Dumbbell Presses				Leg Extensions
	Cable Crossovers 			Cambered Bar Curls				Hamstring Curls
	One Arm Dumbbell Rows			Seated Dumbbell Curls				Seated Calf Raises
	V-bar pulldowns				Seated Triceps Press				Standing Calf Raises
	Deadlifts				Triceps Pushdown
GROUP B WORKOUT
5-6 days of cardio performed at least twice a day that adds up to 60 minutes per day. 
Cardio Activities Include:
			Walking , Jogging , Biking , Rowing , Swimming , Aerobics class , Jumping Rope .
GROUP C WORKOUT
Since this group is unable to perform any activities used by the other groups, we need to just get them moving, period. 
They perform these exercises either with no weight, or light weights found around the house. 
Now I laughed when I first heard of this, but I have seen some elderly obese people use this to move towards their goal
of being able to perform normal activities. So for Group C.
MOVING UP
Now these three workouts are not going to be for everyone. They should be experimented with to see which level you are at.
The point is to start at wherever you are and move up in the groups (for example do the B workouts til you lose enough
weight and are comfortable doing Group A workouts).
Then, finally when the day comes that the Group A workouts are a breeze, then it's time to step it up, 
come back here and find a more serious "bodybuilding" type of workout that you are prepared for.